"x"
"1" "I've purchased the 6GB version of this phone which comes with an extendable 2 GB RAM (virtual memory) capability.Good phone, but being the least expensive category offering from One-plus, there are some small evident points that will get noticed. First thing is the confusing placement of the power button (and hence the finger sensor). Daily handling of the mobile phone feels a bit annoying with fingers locking/un-locking the phone while you try to handle it and place it into Your pockets. Although this is not a big problem, it is still something to think about. The second point is about lag here and there (only to a noticeable bit), which i am hoping might go away with updates/improvements. The third point is about the speaker volume. The speaker is good only at its near maximum levels i.e the volume does not seem to creep up steadily, rather louds out only at its top volume limits. The fourth point and final one is about the camera shoots where the colors are not very realistic. Photos taken in day light especially on skin tone tend to be over coloured.  LED flash is average and could have been better.The good and awesome part about this phone is about its practicality for daily users with one-plus strong brand part for the pricing offered. Battery life is very good and its re-charging capability is also very impressive for someone like me who has just moved from a Android 10 phone. Build of the phone is apt and will survive normal falls or mishaps from happening. The Phone does feel solid in hand. Stock android is clean and nothing to complain about.Overall a clean phone with small improvements that would make it an all-rounder and cut above the rest keeping one-plus branding in mind."
"2" "Camera is average.Battery is good.Missed call and msg notification screen light up is absent.Front camera average.Design is good."
"3" "Thanks Amazon"
"4" "Nice,front camera not work properly,display and processor should be more good"
"5" "Not best but overall good smartphone. Go for it"
"6" "good"
"7" "I love the battery life on the phone, I didn't expect it to last as long as it does. Love the quick charge.The camera is amazing as well"
"8" "I sent this phone back and received a refund as Pure Talk or Straight Talk wouldn't work with this phone. I was very disappointed to spend so much time on trying to find a network that would work. Then upon returning the phone they kept about $60.00 from the original amount I paid, so I didn't get a full refund. I gave my reason that their website information on Amazon is wrong because this phone, even though it is a new phone, doesn't work with ALL CARRIERS! When 3G was shut down a few months ago, this particular phone doesn't work now. I found that out the hard way and verified this with the AT&T site that shows what phones are still compatible after the shutdown. So disappointed!"
"9" "The product is great . Dual SIM with xtra expansion. It does not use VoLTE or VoWifi on TMobile. There are some hacks a tweaks on the Internet . I read these hacks after I returned the product. You will need to look at QPST to make it work . This is because the device model needs to be whitelisted by the cell phone provider to work out of the box."
"10" "Ad says it will work with T-Mobile 5g... It does not it only is capable of 4g unless you are over in UK then it will get 5g.. Do not buy if you live in USA.OnePlus Technology Nord CE 2 5GIMEI:This device is not compatible with T-Mobile’s network technology. Tell me moreWe can’t confirm that this device is unblocked. Please contact the original wireless carrier for more information.Your phone uses a physical SIM card to hold wireless account information. What is eSIM compatibility?"
"11" "It's a great phone, with great specs"
